you could tell my aptitude was way
different than them do runner rapid you
cos have them do is you keep the same
flats into thinking this is gonna get
the girl laughing soon not true home
like the entertainment you threw so much
money that I thought that it was raining
it's so good like 15 other guys go try
the other side
crazy town alive butterfly
go home
somehow she
women in the mansion
next morning wake up sir
nothing
it's all good let them suck his glamour
you suggested we don't Jersey Shore show
you the door drop see
politics
cutthroat
sister this is black paisley and I'm
done
turn me up yo the type of jockey on the
way you up and Trust there's no stopping
I'm one of a kind they will never be
another one chin oh is this guy hey yo
I'm looking up get out the sunroof in
the wind blow pass in the driver's ed
let me crash should be gonna say fast my
mind isn't nowhere memories ask this one
with this to bed I fade the day that I
will fall off but I know if I got you is
so far represent so I guess the young
ones don't have to step up the game a
changes to the famous again of the rain
song boy so we sinkers rains
you to death cuz you was so so the dopa
banner need the West we got soon
Randolph we bandy duck you to death
cuz you won so so dope a better end of
it here we got insane Randolph Randolph
drop another track well i'ma jump a
whole disc IO Bobby back is the fast
I'm bad when I magical place are in
Wacken I'm already strapped with a p90
oh maybe we just spoon but now I give a
damn as long as I'm done by noon okay
sorry I'm just messin I'm just runnin t
she's wet Ruffins a lesson okay no more
game show I'm a Rocket Man throwing so
many punches you can call me may weather
whatever the weather every day I'll be
killing they wake up press record to the
same night and will a bitch turn up a
bit so you can hear me loud and clear my
and let your floor make any rappers is
disobey super record song I'm sayin
forever strong rain
love you to death cuz you was so so dope
embedded in the West we got em soon and
love you dudette cuz you was so so just
open and and arrest here we got soon
just an ice only way that I I'm the best
cuz my like I don't represent so I guess
the young ones don't have to say how
they gave me changes to the Feynman to
get of the reins on boy so we sinkers
rained up we really love you too dick
cuz your was so so dope embedded in the
West we got soon rain thought we really
love you to death
cuz you was so it's so dope embedded and
your rest here we got insane Randolph
Randolph jumping up a drag will harm I
drop my whole disco about yeah it's a
fact
I'm gonna when I magical place are in
Wacken I'm already strapped with a p9c
oh baby just spoon but I'll give a damn
as long as I'm done by noon okay sorry
I'm just messin I'm just from the tea
she's wet Rapids a lesson okay no more
games oh I'm a Rocket Man throwing so
many punches you can call me may weather
whatever the weather every day I'll be
killing they wake up fresh record for
the same night and we love bitch
Jennifer bases you can hear me loud and
clear my and let your flow will make any
rappers as disappear super record song